Warn whenever metadata assumptions are made (#4391)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/4391.feature.rst

> sunpy currently makes a number of assumptions about missing or incorrect values
> stored in files from various sources. Previously it was not always clear what
> or when these assumptions were being made. Now any assumptions raise a warning
> stating which key is being modified, and the new value it is being set to.
> 
> In order to prevent these warnings, missing metadata must be explicitly set
> before being loaded by `sunpy.map.Map`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sunpy.map.Map` classes now explicitly raise warnings when assumptions are made to fix missing or known incorrect values in file headers from various sources.
In order to prevent such a warning, the problematic metadata identified by the warning must be fixed before being loaded by `~sunpy.map.Map`.
```
I think this reads better.

Author: Agreed, thanks a lot!
